we are going to make an application form for the recruitment of new employees. i am going to tell you the actual information want on that forum to submit from the side of user. 
1. name of post 
2. department/institute/subject
3. campus
4. full name
5. national id card no
6. sex (Male/Female/other)
7. date of birth
8. father name
9. address
	present
	permanent
	Telephone No:
	Resident:
	Mobile NO.
	WhatsApp No.
	E-mail
10. Applied for quota, if any(disable/minority/women)
11. Domicile District
12. nationality of
	self
	spouse
13. Education Qualifications
a) create a table for title "secondary school and intermediate or equivalent" which include	certificate obtained, institute attended, registration no., years attended from-to, division, percentage, marks obtained, total marks, major subject.	
b) create a table for title "University" which include	"degree obtained, Name & place of university & college, registration no., years attended from-to, CGPA division/percentage, marks obtained, total marks, major subject.
c) create a table for title "Post-Doctorate" which include "certificate/Diploma obtained, Name & place of institute, , years attended from-to, CGPA division/percentage, marks obtained, total marks, major subject/ specialization.
14. Number of student guided(duly verified by the concerned Controller of examinations)
create a table in which rows have title "M.Sc. or equilvalent, M.Sc. (Hon)/M.Phil, Ph.D" there would be two column first one title is "as major supervisor" second "as committee member"
15. Distinction
	a) Position/Medal/Award(Academic/Civil)
	b) Professional awards (Govt./Institution/Society)
	c) Sports (Intervarsity/National/International)
	d) Extra Curricular
16. Courses Taught(During last three years)
create a table which include "Course no./title, year, independent, joint"
17. research (give particulars of all the research completed)
create a table which include "title of research, period from-to, professor, institution"
18. Publications 
a) list of research papers published in HEC recognized journals only (attach reprints) 
(duly verified by the concerned oric office)
create a table which include "S.No., authors, year, title, name of journal with volume and page No. , issn no., Category"
b)  list of international research papers published in journals having impact factor (attach reprints) 
(duly verified by the concerned oric office)
create a table which include "S.No., authors, year, title, name of journal with volume and page No. , issn no., impact factor"
c)  list of books(Text/Edited) bearing ISBN No. (attach title page & contents) 
(duly verified by the concerned oric office)
create a table which include "S.No., authors, year, title, isbn no., Name of publisher"
d)  list of proceedings (attach title page & contents) 
(duly verified by the concerned oric office)
create a table which include "S.No., authors, year, title, Name of publisher"
e)  list of manuals (attach title page & contents) 
(duly verified by the concerned oric office)
create a table which include "S.No., authors, year, title, Name of publisher"
f)  list of monographs (attach title page & contents) 
(duly verified by the concerned oric office)
create a table which include "S.No., authors, year, title, Name of publisher"
g) list of book chapters bearing isbn no. (attach title page & contents) 
(duly verified by the concerned oric office)
create a table which include "S.No., authors, year, title, isbn no., Name of publisher"
h) list of research projects completed as P.I other than promotion of research (attach title page) 
(duly verified by the concerned oric office)
create a table which include "S.No., Project title, funding agency, amount, duration, as PI/Co-PI, Present status"
i) list of research projects completed as Co-P.I other than promotion of research (attach title page) 
(duly verified by the concerned oric office)
create a table which include "S.No., Project title, funding agency, amount, duration, as PI/Co-PI, Present status"
19. Foreign languages (extent of proficiency)
create a table which include "language, reading, writing, spoken"
20. membership of learned societies (Name and nature of membership)



